hey everyone visit win here for
SlashGear and android community on this
here is the LG optimus G that just
gotten out here in Seoul Korea today and
it's currently only available in Seoul
or it will only be available in Seoul
here it is first thing you'll notice is
that it's got a 4.7 inch WXGA true HD
IPS display there is a 1.5 gigahertz
great CPU Qualcomm s4 pro processor the
first of its kind when is ltd support
for the korean market on the back is a
13 megapixel camera there is a 2100
milliamp battery with roughly about 15
hours of talktime and 335 hours of
standby time the ram it has to gain by a
dr with 32 gigabyte up user storage
available there's bluetooth 4.0 Wi-Fi
USB 2.0 HPS DLNA and FC etc i did
mention that it has LTE it's got 2g 3g
as well and it's powered by android
floor panel ice cream sandwich so with
that let me go ahead and use this little
sticker here and let's boot it up and in
case you notice this white here this
white version is currently only
available in seoul i believe that once
it becomes available globally in other
markets it's going to be going as black
so currently this is the U plus of
network and wow that was pretty quick
and there it is as I stated before
that's actually let's do this let's turn
it off and booed up again so you can
take a look at the boot up screen
alright so here's the boot up screen
make sure to take a look at our
benchmark score on slashgear or android
community from earlier and make sure to
check back on / trader and enjoy
community for our full review once we
get the production unit once again this
is only a pre-production right now so
not very comfortable reviewing it just
yet but I will be able to get a good
enough impression to give you my
thoughts on it before I move on just
wanted to know that there is a power
button on the right hand side front
facing camera three-and-a-half
millimeter jack microUSB keep in mind
that the the battery is not user
replaceable or removable everything is
built in as you can see there are two
screws at the bottom here and there are
no no memory card slots so basically
you're stuck with the 32 gig for now and
the sim card slot is right here on the
left hand side volume rocker up and down
and that is a quick walkthrough of the
optimus G for the korean market thanks a
lot for watching